Create rule S6578: Enum values should be unique (#1735)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S6578/javascript/rule.adoc

== Why is this an issue?

TypeScript allows assigning values to enum members. However, it does not enforce uniqueness between the values of such members. As a result, assigning the same value to different members is possible.

The rule raises issues on duplicate values because they are misleading and can lead to bugs that are hard to track down.

== How to fix it

> Assign a unique value per each enum member.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Assign a unique value for each enum member or don't assign any values.
```
